hi I'm Caitlin i'm from vancouver
british columbia i'm going to do a quick
make up for you right now using the pro
longwear Paint Pot and show you how you
can use it as an eyeshadow base or layer
them on top I like to use a very soft
round brush put the lid back on because
they can dry out or just tip it upside
down so using the round soft brush you
can slowly start to apply the paid pot
in a round motion you can do swirls if
you need to blend it a little bit more
but if you use a paddle you can get too
much product right away so something
soft going right up to the brow you can
go under the eye you can use these
things for a lot and they don't come
till you want them to come
and I also want to show you quick little
trick of taking a darker color with a
stiffer brush and you can start to
create a little bit of depth in your
makeup with these darker Pro Longwear
Paint Pot colors you can use them as
liner and you can start to just build up
shape and your eye with a stiffer brush
and then using one of those same clean
soft guys and just blend it through now
you can build up here on makeup with a
powder shadow using a paint pot on top
of paint pot it's going to last even
longer so these these are these paint
pots are perfect for people that maybe
they have oily lids they find their
shadow doesn't last very long they like
to swim in a full face of makeup
they just don't want to touch up all day
and then if you want to build with an
eyeshadow you can use a powder shadow
right on top of where you've gone with
the paint pot to make it a little bit
stronger
add a little bit in inner corner to now
just to be pro longwear a Paint Pot
crazy and add another one something
light shiny use your finger just get in
there a little bit and just pop it right
on the ball of your eye there's a couple
of different textures with these Paint
Pots summer more matte creamy some are a
little bit more frosty so you really can
choose what kind of finish that you want
we use them backstage we've used there's
a number of colors coming out for fall
that we're incredibly popular at shows
the main questions i get from customers
about them can i use them and yes you
can use them but it's all within the
context of who you are you know how
strong do you like your makeup how long
do you have to put your makeup on in the
morning do you like something more sheer
so then i will recommend a variety of
different tools so in order to to bump
up this look a little bit what i'm going
to do is I'm going to take more of my
darker color and you can work right on
top of what you've already done that's
the beauty of these is they layer
beautifully as long as just letting them
dry and then quickly applying a little
bit more on top of that so what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to make it
darker closer up to the brow
and bringing that color further out of
the crease making it a bit more
glamorama so this is the sketch
eyeshadow I'm just tapping that to the
inner and outer corner to get a little
bit more darkness in there I find it if
you apply the right amount with a very
soft brush they're really comfortable
because it's a prolonged wearing product
if there's too much on you'll feel it
it'll feel like it's a little bit tight
but it's if you do it in a sheer way
it's absolutely worth it so I don't want
to be touching up my makeup all day
there I think I'm done and this is going
to stay on for 15 hours
flight to Vancouver
you